Add googlepubsub connector configuration (#1636)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/google-pubsub-connector/googlepubsub-connector-configuration.md

# Setting up the Google Pub Sub Environment  

The Google Pub/Sub connector allows you to access the [Google Cloud Pub/Sub API Version v1](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/reference/rest/) through WSO2 EI.

To work with the Google Pub/Sub connector, you need to have a Google Cloud Platform account. If you do not have a Google Cloud Platform account, go to [console.cloud.google.com](https://console.cloud.google.com/freetrial), and create a Google Cloud Platform trial account.

> Google Pub/Sub uses the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization. All requests to the Google Cloud Pub/Sub API must be authorized by an authenticated user. For information on how to obtain authentication and authorization user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Pub/Sub uses the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization. All requests to the Google Cloud Pub/Sub API must be authorized by an authenticated user. For information on how to obtain authentication and authorization user credentials, see the following section.
```

Author: Updated.

### Obtaining user credentials 

> Please follow the steps bellow for generate user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to generate user credentials.
```

Author: Updated.

> **Follow the steps below to obtain a client ID and client secret**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Obtaining a client ID and client secret**
```

Author: Updated.

1. Go to [https://console.developers.google.com/projectselector/apis/credentials](https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials), and sign in to your **Google account**.
    
    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/pubsub-credentials-page.png" title="Google pubsub-credentials-page" width="600" alt="Google pubsub-credentials-page"/>   
   

> 2. If you do not already have a project, **create a new project**, click **Create credentials** and then select **OAuth client ID**.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you do not already have a project, you create a new project, click **Create credentials** and then select **OAuth client ID**.     
```

Author: Updated.

   
    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/pubsub-create-credentials.png" title="Select OAuth client ID" width="600" alt="Select OAuth client ID"/> 
   
3. Next, **select** Web Application, and **create a client**.
  
    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/pubsub-select-web-application.png" title="Select web application" width="600" alt="Select web application"/> 

4. Add [https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground/) as the redirect URL under **Authorized redirect URIs**, and then click **Create**. This displays the **client ID** and **client secret**.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/pubsub-authorization-redirect-URI.png" title="Authorization-redirect-URI" width="600" alt="Authorization-redirect-URI"/> 
   

> 5. Please a note the the **client ID** and **client secret** that is displayed, and then **click OK**.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Note down the **client ID** and **client secret** that is displayed, and then **click OK**.   
```

Author: Updated.

   
    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/pubsub-authorization-redirect-URI.png" title="Authorization-redirect-URI" width="600" alt="Authorization-redirect-URI"/> 

6. Click **Library** on the left navigation pane.

    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/pubsub-select-library.png" title="Select library" width="600" alt="Select library"/> 

7. Search  **Google Cloud Pub/Sub API** under the **Big data or Networking category**.
  
    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/pubsub-select-API.png" title="Pubsub API" width="600" alt="Pubsub API"/> 

8. Click **Enable**. This enables the Google Cloud Pub/Sub API.   
   
    <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/pubsub-enable-api.png" title="Pubsub enable API" width="600" alt="Pubsub enable API"/> 

> **Follow the steps below to obtain an access token and refresh token**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Obtaining an access token and refresh token**
```

Author: Updated.

> 1. Navigate to [oauthplayground](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground), click the **gear icon** on the top right corner of the screen, and select Use your own **OAuth credentials**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to [OAuth playground](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground), click the **gear icon** on the top right corner of the screen, and select **Use your own OAuth credentials**.
```

Author: Updated.
